---
layout: page
title: About Me
navname: <i class="fa fa-child nav-about" aria-hidden="true"></i> About
permalink: /about/
---

Hello! My name is David Alber. :wave:

I've generally worked on software. I started my career as a
postdoctoral researcher at the National Renewable Energy Lab
(NREL). Since then, I've worked in industry roles splitting my time
between being an individual contributor and technical leader.

I'm currently aspiring to find meaningful and impactful opportunities
working on climate change solutions. Prior to that I was the founding
Director of Engineering at a youth mental health startup called [Joon
Care](https://www.joon.com/). My roles before that were at
[Redfin](https://www.redfin.com/), [Walk
Score](https://www.walkscore.com/) (which was acquired by Redfin),
[Microsoft](https://www.microsoft.com/), and
[NREL](https://www.nrel.gov/).

My academic background is numerical analysis, which is a lot about how
math is done accurately on computers, as well as how various classes
of problems, such as giant systems of linear equations, are solved
effectively on computers. At one time, I knew a fair bit about direct
and indirect linear solvers, eigenvalues and eigenvectors, and
numerical linear algebra in general.

I grew up near Iowa City, Iowa and went to high school and college
there. I attended graduate school in Urbana, Illinois, and spent a
couple years in Golden, Colorado at NREL. Now, I live in Seattle with
my wife and our two young sons.

You can learn more about my professional background from my [LinkedIn
profile <i class="fa
fa-linkedin-square"></i>](https://www.linkedin.com/in/david-alber). More
details about my academic background and publications (from long ago
:smile:) are [here](/academics).
